---
name: Proposal
about: Proposal Template
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

Title: [CONCISE TITLE - KEEP CLEAN & NO PROPOSAL NUMBERS]

Authors: [name]

Date Created: [ADD CREATED DATE]

Date Posted: [ADD DATED POSTED TO DISCOURSE]

## Summary/TLDR

Sum up this proposal in a few bullet points or sentences.

## **Proposal Description**

### Background

Detailed information about the proposal
Why are you making this proposal?
What issue or opportunity is this proposal addressing?
What are the driving factors behind why you think this is a good idea?

### **SCOPE OF WORK**

Do your best to be realistic in expectations and tie your funding ask to what is achievable with that amount of money. You can always ask for more funding in the future as your idea continues to progress to further degrees of complexity. Start with the MVP, then V1, V2, and so on.

### Duration

Project implementation cycle

## Treasury Expenditures

Include details about funding requirements. You must include a detailed breakdown that explains how the funds will be allocated. Funding will not be approved for proposals without a funding breakdown. This is where the squad can request rewards for their expected contributions to the project, including any work done to scope the project and create the proposal.

## **Revenue Distribution**

Potential revenue from the project, hopefully citing the revenue generated by the project and the revenue distribution plan

## **Key result**

How will the project’s success be measured?
